---
layout: page
title: About
---

[@asoplata on Twitter. Say hi if you're here.](https://twitter.com/asoplata) I
like [computational neuroscience, especially modeling
neurons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computational_neuroscience) and recently
finished a PhD in it. I like [open
science](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_science). I REALLY like [the growing
online community of open
scientists](https://twitter.com/asoplata/lists/opencompneuroscience).  I like
studying [thalamocortical
oscillations](http://www.scholarpedia.org/article/Thalamocortical_oscillations),
especially the dynamics of the thalamus under sleep and anesthesia. [Here is an
example of my
research.](http://asoplata.github.io/posters/ASoplata-SFN2016-poster.pdf) I like
[helping develop the DynaSim MATLAB toolbox for simulating dynamical
systems](https://github.com/dynasim/dynasim), even though I really don't like
MATLAB and prefer Python. I like the [Brian2
simulator](https://brian2.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) that some of DynaSim's
design is based off of, and also like the [NetPyNE
simulator](http://netpyne.org/). I like updating this website when I've had too
much coffee and it's past my bedtime. I like [the Designers
Republic](http://www.thedesignersrepublic.com/).  I like [Aphex
Twin](https://warp.net/artists/aphex-twin/),
[Autechre](https://autechre.bleepstores.com/), and lots of other great artists.
I donate (sparingly) to the development of [Dwarf
Fortress](http://www.bay12games.com/dwarves/) even though I can't really get
into actually playing it. I like
[transhumanism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transhumanism) but am not a New
Rationalist. I like too many videogames.  I love vim but have converted to Emacs
after initially using it solely for [org-mode](http://orgmode.org/), since it is
the most future-proof, feature-rich todo/organizational system I've ever come
across. I like donating to the [Free Software Foundation](http://www.fsf.org/)
and especially the [Electronic Frontier Foundation](https://www.eff.org/), since
their work is only going to become more important.  This site currently uses the
<a href="http://jekyllrb.com" target="_blank">Jekyll</a> theme <a
href="http://lanyon.getpoole.com" target="_blank">Lanyon</a>, graciously hosted
by <a href="https://pages.github.com" target="_blank">GitHub Pages</a>.
